welcome to rocky Springs future home to
the greenest community ever build do you
know why they call me the king of green
can I love this planet so you're gonna
take out the whole forest yeah but we're
replacing it with a shopping mall with a
forest theme this is an opportunity to
do something good for our family and for
the environment how is ripping out the
four is good for the environment the
only thing standing in the way all the
local Hey go away
you can't run you can find the animals
are out get me what animal are we
talking about
there's more than one I think they're in
cahoots this is insane you can't escape
the furry summit entertainment and
participant media presents we're gonna
pour a hundred million dollars into the
local economy we've gotta do something
dad you're building on a nature preserve
and nature's ticked off are you telling
me that the animals are trying to get me
a stop developing rocky Springs I think
the animals are out for revenge
Brendan Fraser you have a family all
this time you're protecting that cool
but revengeance
no what if it'll have you down and not
die you might want to cover your eyes